# Polyp-image-segmentation
We  analyze  colonoscopy  image  segmentation  using  twodatasets,   Kvasir-   SEG   and   CVC-ClinicDB 
Colorectal  cancer  is  one  of  the  leading  causes  ofcancer death. Polyps are a primary cause of colorectal cancer, andearly diagnosis by colonoscopy may result in successful therapy.Polyp identification in colonoscopy recordings is problematic dueto polyp size and shape heterogeneity. Colorectal cancer, causedby  the  formation  of  polyps  that  can  be  benign  or  malignant,is  one  of  the  most  lethal  illnesses  in  the  world.  Colonoscopy,which  is  a  particularly  efficient  procedure  in  this  scenario,  isused  to  locate  these  polyps  in  patients.  Clinically,  finding  andsegmenting these polyps to establish their existence or absence is achallenging process that necessitates a significant amount of timeand  skill  from  doctors.  As  a  result,  it  is  becoming  increasinglyvital to have an autonomous, effective, and dependable techniqueof  identifying  and  segmenting  these  polyps,  allowing  for  fasterand more accurate diagnosis. In this report, we developed a con-volutional  neural  network-based  polyp  segmentation  approach.We propose to use fully convolutional neural networks (FCN) tolocate and separate polyps in colonoscopy images. Our proposedEnsamble  approach(ConU-net)  significantly  outperforms  U-Netand  ResUNet,  two  key  state-of-the-art  deep  learning  architec-tures, by achieving high evaluation scores with a dice coefficientof 68.20%, and a mean Intersection over Union (mIoU) of 66.21%for the Kvasir-SEG dataset and a dice coefficient of 65.90%, anda  mIoU  of  62.52%  with  CVC-612  dataset.
